Add nix-output-monitor (#181)
nix-community/awesome-nix: README.md

* [nix-init](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-init) - Generate Nix packages from URLs with hash prefetching, dependency inference, license detection, and more.
* [nix-melt](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-melt) - A ranger-like flake.lock viewer.
* [nix-prefetch](https://github.com/msteen/nix-prefetch) - A universal tool for updating source checksums.

> * [nix-output-monitor](https://git.maralorn.de/nix-output-monitor/) - A tool to get additional information while building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [nix-output-monitor](https://git.maralorn.de/nix-output-monitor/) - A tool to produce useful graphs and statistics when building derivations.
```

The original description is correct, both factually and grammatically, but kinda undersells the tool, so I'd recommend the above word choice, but that's up to you.
